An implementation of the Lox programming language, written in C and compiled using a bytecode interpreter. Built following the book
Crafting Interpreters, but with an extended suite of native functions.

Lox is a dynamically typed, garbage-collected language that supports classes, inheritance, and closures. For the most part, it uses C-Style syntax and semantics, but the following may be different compared to other mainstream languages:
- Functions are defined with the `fun` keyword
- Variables are declared using the `var` keyword, any undefined variable is automatically assigned `nil`
- Any variable that is not `nil` or `false` is truthy by default
- The inheritance operator is `<`, used like `class Dog < Animal`
- Both interior functions and classes are supported

# Usage

Run `make` to compile the project, and then run `build/cloxc` to run the REPL, or as `build/cloxc yourfile.lox` to interpret a Lox program file.

# Optional Features

cloxc has the following `#define` flags for different purposes:
- `DEBUG_PRINT_CODE` prints the bytecode sequence generated by the compiler.
- `DEBUG_TRACE_EXECUTION` prints the stack and instruction as bytecode is executed.
- `DEBUG_STRESS_GC` calls a garbage collection after every allocation to thoroughly test the GC.
- `DEBUG_LOG_GC` prints out the garbage collection process as it occurs to assist in debugging GC errors.
- `NAN_BOXING` changes the underlying `Value` type in Lox to use a bit-level representation of a value instead of a tagged union. This reduces memory usage but is potentially unsafe on some CPU architectures. 
Turn these on or off by commenting out the `#define` flags in `src/common.h`.